[THEME MUSIC]
>>LISA GARR: What if
you are the change
the world is waiting for?
What if you've been made
wrong your entire life,
and you suddenly
realize that you
haven't done anything wrong.
You've done, actually,
everything right.
What if choosing yourself is
what your freedom really is.
These are some of the questions
that Dr. Dain Heer asks.
He is the co-creator of
Access Consciousness.
And after his amazing
book, "Being You,
Changing the World," Dr.
Dain has a new book out
called, "The Return
of the Gentleman,"
which is a much
needed conversation
for both men and women.
Welcome, Thank you
for being here.
>>DAIN HEER: Ah, Lisa,
thank you for having me.
>>LISA: So great.
So I was just talking about that
in the beginning of being you,
really being you, and not
being made wrong for being you.
Can you give me an example
of what that looks like?
>>HEER: Well, what it looks
like is, when you're being you,
you like the person looking
back at you in the mirror.
You realize you have
different points of view
than other people,
but they're not wrong.
And other people's points
of view aren't wrong.
They're just their
points of view.
And you start to have a
sense that the possibilities
that you've always
known should exist
can actually come to fruition.
So you're not living in the
sense anymore of, I'm wrong,
and it'll never work
out, and the future
won't be any greater.
You start living
in the sense of,
OK, I'm actually cooler
than I thought I was.
I'm actually not wrong.
But I don't have to make anybody
else wrong to not be wrong.
I don't have to try
to prove I'm right.
That all goes away.
So the self-judgment
systems that we have
start to unravel themselves.
And then you also
have a sense of,
I'd like to create something
different as my future,
and I actually can.
>>LISA: So is it being made
wrong by society or people,
your family, or what
does that look like?
What does that
judgment look like?
>>HEER: The answer is yes.
Let's look at the
typical parent.
They try to show their
child right from wrong
as though that's the
job of a parent here.
My point of view
is, as a parent,
you're here to show your
children how to be successful
in life and how to actually
get a sense that you have value
and know where the boundaries
are and know when you can push
them and when you can't.
So we get the
judgment from the time
we're tiny about
what's right and wrong.
And so we're so aware
that we take that in
and we use it against us.
We get it from teachers.
We get it from friends.
I mean, look at any
group of teenagers.
They sit around, most of
them, not all of them,
but a lot of them
sit around judging
everyone and everything.
One of the interesting
things for me
is to see teenagers who have
had Access Consciousness
classes, when they've been in
the classes their parents have
attended for a
couple of years, they
don't sit around doing
judgment of everybody else.
They literally sit around
talking about possibilities.
And they go, we have this
thing going on in our school.
What can we do to change it?
That's where they're
being us comes in.
Because if we talk about
being you, people are, like,
I don't know what that means.
I'm awake.
I'm being me.
It's, like, no, you're awake.
You're being all the
stuff that you learned
you were supposed to be, not
what you would actually like
to be, even, for most people.
>>LISA: It moves you into more
of an activist perspective
of what you care about, right?
>>HEER: Absolutely.
And an activist
perspective from the place
of being active and
creating your life.
And the interesting thing is
that, when I wrote "Being You,
Changing the World," there were
a lot of people who were, like,
but the world is
too big to change.
And I'm, like, I
do understand that.
But what I'm talking about
first is being you and changing
this world that is your world.
And when we do, we
become the inspiration
for other people around
us to have this kinder,
gentler perspective
with ourselves,
to have more joy with ourselves
to come out of wrongness that
changes the world around us.
>>LISA: It's
interesting, because I
can see how that judgment
from others and ourselves
get locked into our body.
And you know so
much about the body,
you're a doctor of
chiropractic medicine.
We'll call it that.
>>HEER: We'll call it that.
>>LISA: We'll call it that.
But you have this
ability to see where
it's also stuck in the body.
So that shows the emotional
and physical connection
that we have, from our
thoughts and our feelings
getting lodged in
the body is, when
you look at someone
in pain in their body,
what is it that you see?
>>HEER: Well, what
I perceive for me
is I perceive the stuck
energy, if you will.
And I hate to make it
sound that generic.
But the reason I do
that is because that can
come from thousands of things.
And so what I find is,
where people twist something
into a lie in their world, and
then that lie is what sticks,
and the lie is what keeps
it perpetrating itself.
And so it's, like,
for example, if you
were told, when you were
younger that you're stupid,
or you're not generous
or something like that.
Well, that's a lie, OK,
and it's also a judgment.
And so when you have this
judgment that's not true--
and by the way,
judgment is never true.
Judgment is always a lie,
whether it's right or wrong,
good or bad.
But that may be a
story for another time.
But when you have
this, when somebody's
been living with
this, they take it,
and in order to
make it something
that stays with them
so that they don't have
to try to think about
it anymore-- like, OK,
I'm told that I'm this way,
and this is bad and wrong.
Now, what they do
is they find a way
to solidify it in their body
so that it can be with them all
the time, so they know when
they're being bad and wrong.
And unfortunately, what
most people have learned
is a way of being in
the world is learned
when I'm bad and wrong, so I
don't be bad and wrong anymore.
>>LISA: That anchors it.
>>HEER: Yeah, and that's their
sum total of most people's
lives is, they know that
they're bad and wrong.
They just have
this sense of that.
And now their only choice is
to try not to be bad and wrong.
Well, what does that
have to do with creation?
It doesn't.
We're never looking
for the possibilities,
because we're always on
this bad/good right/wrong
system of judgment in that
paradigm, which takes us out
of being us.
>>LISA: And that's why
there's depression.
And that's what
unhappiness is being
in that container of judgment
constantly, judging your life,
judging yourself in your
life, and others around you.
It's not a win-win.
>>HEER: It is.
It's more like a lose-lose.
>>LISA: Yeah, it is.
>>HEER: And then, if you
couple that with the fact
that we're all so highly
psychically aware that we pick
up on other people's thoughts,
feelings, and emotions
and judgments-- like, if
you've ever walked into a, room
you were having a good day,
and you walk into a room,
and everybody is sad,
and you're, like,
instantly your body feels sad.
You get sad.
You're like, what happened?
Well, that's not yours.
That was what you
just walked into.
But we do it every
moment of our lives,
and nobody's ever
acknowledged it that we do.
>>LISA: Same thing happens
when change happens.
You walk into something, and
then it gets thrown at you,
and there's a change.
And a situation-- change
is never really gradual.
It does tend to happen pretty
fast these days, doesn't it?
>>HEER: True story,
faster than ever.
>>LISA: Faster than ever.
So how do we deal
with that using
the tools of Access
Consciousness, which,
by the way, is a
huge body of work.
Can I just talk about that for
one sec before we go into that.
You really have-- how long have
you been developing Access.
>>HEER: Well, I've been
part of developing it
for the last 19 years.
Gary Douglas,
that's the founder,
started it 30 years ago.
And to say it's a
huge body of work
is even an understatement
at this point.
Between all of the access
facilitators in the world,
we have, I don't know 100
books, maybe a few more.
We've got over
10,000 facilitators.
But we address everything from
relationship, to being you,
to money, to giving energies
you can use with your body.
Every aspect of reality is
really addressed by this.
But it's called Access
Consciousness for a reason
because the only
difficulty-- the only time we
create a difficulty in
our lives is when we don't
function from consciousness.
When we function
from unconsciousness
or anti-consciousness,
that's the only time
we create a difficulty
in our lives.
If we go against our
knowing is one good example.
We know how well that turns out.
Well, most people have been
taught that they don't know,
so they're living lives that
go against their knowing.
What we're doing is--
our target is to bring
your awareness back to you.
Our tag line is, empowering
people to know that they know.
And it really is
about us getting
to the awareness of
what we truly are,
but not from a
separationist perspective.
A lot of people are, like,
I'm going to go live in a cave
to find out who I truly am.
I'm like, that's
not going to work.
Because once you get
back to your family,
you're going to forget it all.
You need to find
out, how do you deal
with your family, your life,
this reality, politics,
your body, your
job, all of-- money?
How do you be present in
the face of all of that
and not lose you?
>>LISA: Wow.
So that goes back to
the question of change.
When those types of things, we
think that they're one way--
and we've kind of
worked for them
to be that way,
like you're saying.
We've really gathered all
of our unconsciousness
and all of our judgments, and
we've set something the way
that we think we need it
to be, like a relationship
for example.
Here it is.
And this is the
way I needed to be.
And then it changes.
>>HEER: Damn it.
>>LISA: And it hurts.
Yeah, or a job.
>>HEER: Well--
>>LISA: And it changes.
>>HEER: It only
hurts if you have
a fixed point of view about
how it was supposed to be.
>>LISA: Can we talk about that?
>>HEER: Yeah, well,
here's the big thing.
Two things, number one is,
when something changes--
in other words, if you're
asking for something
different and greater, when that
different in greater shows up,
it is always going to
look different than you
thought it would, always.
And we--
>>LISA: Well, yeah.
>>HEER: I mean, if we just take
that in, for a moment, and go,
whoa.
>>LISA: Well, if
you choose something
different and greater,
it's going to show up
different and greater.
>>HEER: It's going to show
up different and greater.
And we keep thinking different
must be less and wrong
because it doesn't match our
projection and our judgment
and our expectations.
So one of the things I found
is, if we are willing to give up
our projections, our
expectations, and our judgments
of how something is
supposed to look,
how it's supposed to show up,
our projections, expectations,
and judgments of ourselves,
and judgments of our partners,
what starts to happen
is the universe can
give it to us in any way
because we don't have a
point of view limiting it.
>>LISA: OK.
What if someone's doing
something horrible and, like,
a loved one-- like, I
just talked to someone,
and their ex-husband is
doing something horrible.
How do you look at that
as a possibility, Dain?
>>HEER: Well, OK.
So we have to realize that
started a long time ago.
Why do I say that?
Because one of the
things I found,
one of the biggest things
I found that gives people
a lot of freedom in their
"relationship issues,"
if you will, is I
will ask them, OK,
so did you know this person
was this type of person
before you got
together with them?
Every single time,
the answer is yes,
even when the person wants
to say, no, they weren't.
They took me out for
flowers, and now they
tie me in the basement,
and don't let me out.
You know what I mean?
For flowers-- no,
they took me out.
They gave me flowers and
took me out to a nice dinner,
how about that?
Because we know this is
the thing, once again,
that we've got to get.
I mean, I can ask somebody
a question like that,
and they go, oh, my gosh, yes.
>>LISA: I saw the signs.
>>HEER: Yeah.
I saw the signs are one.
But even that is a
disconnection from our knowing.
We know.
Like Gary tells
this wonderful story
about working with this lady
who, she'd been married for 16
years, her husband left
her, and she was devastated,
and nothing he did
was changing it.
And so he was doing a
private session with her.
And they were almost all
the way through the session,
and nothing could changed.
And when we get there,
what we do is, we go,
there must be a
lie here somewhere.
And I'd like people
to have that awareness
because, if you're trying
to change something,
and it's not changing,
there's a lie there somewhere.
So what you want to do
is ask the question,
where's the lie here?
And what is the lie,
spoken or unspoken?
If you ask that enough,
what will happen is,
you'll spot the lie, and
then the whole situation
would lighten up.
Because a lie always
makes us heavier.
What's true for you
always makes you lighter.
A lie always makes you heavier.
And so he was working
with this lady,
devastated after her husband
left and finally said to
her, wait a minute.
So because she was
devastated that he left,
he said to her-- he
got a hit in his head.
And he said to her, so when
did you leave the marriage,
six months before you got
married or six months after?
>>LISA: Wow.
>>HEER: And she went,
six months before.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>HEER: Like, she knew who
this guy was six months before.
And he was not a nice guy.
He was a total jerk.
And Gary said, why did
you go through with it?
She said, well, the wedding
invitations were already
sent out.
So for $400 of
wedding invitations
and a bit of embarrassment
with friends and family,
you stayed with this
person for 16 years--
>>LISA: 16 years.
>>HEER: --to try to prove
that you didn't have
the awareness in the
first place and to try
to prove that he was
who you decided he was,
not who you knew he was.
>>LISA: Wow, that can change
an entire perspective.
>>HEER: Entire.
>>LISA: It actually gives
the responsibility back
to the person for the
choices that they made.
>>HEER: Yes.
>>LISA: And not to be wrong.
>>HEER: That's crucial.
It is not to be wrong.
And this is the other--
we have so many weird things
that go on in this world
that we all just take for
granted as though it's real.
And so in Access Consciousness,
we take a look at these things
and go, wait a minute.
That's heavy.
That's not contributing
to that person.
What other possibility
is available?
And you notice I ask
a lot of questions.
>>LISA: Yes.
Yeah, it's a good though.
>>HEER: But a question
always opens up
other doorways, a possibility.
An answer always
closes them down.
A question empowers;
an answer disempowers.
And so to the extent that
you can ask questions
about something-- but
make it a real question.
Not, I'm asking a question
so I can feel better.
It's more like, really,
what else is possible?
What's going on here that
I haven't acknowledged?
So with this lady as an
example, what was going on
was that she knew, and she
went against your knowing.
Which is why I say, when
somebody is being terrible,
like with your friend, or
whoever you were talking to,
it's like, what I would do is I
would get them to acknowledge,
when did you know?
And really nail them to
the wall on it, though,
because unless they get
where it really happened,
things aren't going to change.
But this is where-- you know
that statement, the truth
shall set you free?
>>LISA: Yeah.
>>HEER: Well, I would
say, what is true
for you shall set you free.
And when you can-- and all it
takes is to acknowledge the lie
because, if we're going
along and everything is cool,
and then things twist out of
control or twist into a yucky
place--
>>LISA: There's a lie there.
>>HEER: There's some
lie there, whether it's
a lie we bought from
somebody else, something we
told ourself, doesn't matter.
So what ended up happening
with this lady is
she just went like this,
and opened her mouth,
and opened her eyes, and
she was, like, oh, my god.
And she had freedom
for the first time
since her relationship
had broken up.
>>LISA: Freedom, yes.
That's ultimately
what we're after.
That whole idea of, what is
true makes you feel lighter is--
it's so perfect.
You have to check it
out here in this video.
You can really see what
Access Consciousness is about.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>HEER: So what happens in the
room during a Being You class
is something I don't even
know if I can explain.
The closest description
of it I can give,
really, is kind of like magic.
And is so it's
indescribable because, what
you see in the room is,
you'll be in a room with 100
or 200 or 300 other people.
And you'll have somebody
get up at the microphone
because I have open questions.
So you can ask any question
that's available for you.
And you'll have somebody ask
this question about something
that has been sticking
them their entire life,
the main thing they've
been judging themselves
for their entire lives.
They've had it for sometimes
25 years, sometimes 50 years.
And you see, through
using the Access tools,
and I facilitate them,
you see this unlock.
You feel it unlock.
You can see their
face be different.
You can feel their
body be different.
And all of a sudden,
their world changes.
And what you recognize is,
if they can do it, so can I.
Well, multiply that by
a few hundred people.
Multiply that by
some people working
on stuff with their
bodies that they
let change, some people
with their relationships,
a lot of people on
self-esteem and happiness.
And you start to recognize
that the world that you thought
was not changeable is
totally malleable if you just
have the right tools.
And after you have 20 or 30
people who go (EXPLOSION SOUND)
into a whole
different world, then
what happens for you
is, you go, I want that.
Why am I stopping
myself from having
it because I need to make
somebody else's point of view
right or some point of view I
decided in the past correct?
Why would I do that to myself?
I'm going to have everything
that's actually possible,
and nothing is standing
in my way anymore.
Bring it on.
So what happens
is this magic that
is facilitated by
all of us together,
coming together in a
room full of people
who truly have your back, who
are there for the greatness
and what's possible
to choose and what's
possible to change and step into
is an experience like no other.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>LISA: So when Access
Consciousness is really created
by a group of people doing it--
and now there are
hundreds of thousands
of people that really
ask these questions
and make themselves
feel lighter and give
other people permission
to feel lighter,
and it really is spread.
I love this because your sister
created a book of your memes.
And I want to read some of these
because these are sentences
that come out of Dain's
mouth that really open up
possibilities like he was
talking about, like this one.
It is, "Nobody is
valuable enough
to make yourself wrong for."
No one is valuable enough
to make you feel wrong.
>>HEER: Yes.
>>LISA: Explain that.
>>HEER: Well, what we tend
to do is, we tend to make,
especially the most judgmental
people in our lives,
the meanest people in
our lives, so valuable
that, if they tell us something
about us that is mean, unkind,
or designed to make us
feel wrong, we buy it,
and we believe it.
>>LISA: They tend to be bosses.
>>HEER: They do
tend to be bosses.
But there's-- see, here's
the interesting thing is,
if we're not willing
to be made wrong,
we either change the
situation with the boss,
or they treat us differently
than they treat everybody else.
Or we go find someplace
else, get another job,
and, oftentimes, become
the boss ourselves.
>>LISA: Well, what about
that phrase of, the way
you see yourself is how
others will see you?
Can you change your value
in order for other people
to see that value?
>>HEER: Well you can't change
it in order for other people
to see that value, because
that's the same hamster
trail that we're
on, the habit trail,
running in the same circle.
I'm going to feel better
about me so you like me more.
No, I'm going to feel better
about me so I like me more.
So I like me.
And when I like me enough,
your point of view about me
truly does not matter.
And when I say that--
now, but you also
have to realize,
in the world we live in, to have
that point of view, people go,
oh, well, that's arrogant.
That's selfish.
No, actually, when you
have that point of view,
you become kinder.
You become more humble.
The people who do
arrogance are insecure.
The people who are
selfish are insecure.
They don't realize that
the universe provides.
What this gives you
is the awareness
that you are part of the
universe, number one, that you
have value, number two, and
that everything is provided for,
and that you can ask for
and receive everything.
It's totally different
than what we're
told, pretty much, like
everything else in this world
right now.
>>LISA: That makes
so much sense.
Because when you're really
truly valuing yourself,
it doesn't matter what
other people think.
And to go after your own
personal compassion and caring
is really, when you
truly value yourself,
it comes down to that.
Yeah, it comes down to
compassion and caring
and loving and
valuing the world.
>>HEER: And that, right there--
we talked about being
you, changing the world
at the beginning.
>>LISA: Yeah, I see.
>>HEER: And that's
why I wrote it.
But that's exactly what it does.
It truly allows you to finally
have that caring for the world
that you've always had,
but not be destroyed
when other people
don't receive it, not
be hurt when other people don't
get it in the way that you do,
but to actually have that
caring for you and the world,
and there's no separation.
>>LISA: This book is, like a--
it's called,
"Everything Daine says."
Now, it was created--
tell us, "Memes."
How did this get created?
>>HEER: Well, for
those that don't know,
a meme is one of those
pictures with words overlaid
on the top of it where you can
read it and go, oh, hopefully
be inspired or
laugh or something.
You just get it.
And so I do these when
I'm facilitating classes.
I'll say something.
And then I shout out, meme.
I started it just
for the fun of it.
And then somebody started
writing them down and actually
making memes out of them.
And I was like, wow,
this is so cool.
Well, my sister, at
Christmas in 2018,
gave me a collection
of the ones that she
thought were the
coolest from 2018,
from the classes I facilitated.
That-- you can
find out there you
know you can find about their
online, Instagram, wherever,
Facebook, wherever people go
to find these things, right?
And so she put them
together in a book
and gave them to
me at Christmas,
so that's why we have the book.
>>LISA: Oh, that's so beautiful.
>>HEER: Isn't it great?
>>LISA: Yes.
>>HEER: That's my sister.
That is how much I'm
cared for by my sister.
And well, that's
one example, yes.
>>LISA: This one is, "The
choice you make today changes
the future you have tomorrow--
or it creates the future
you have tomorrow."
"The choice you
make today creates
the future you have tomorrow."
I love that.
And it's true because I've
been through this experience
where I realized that
complaining is only because I'm
not in agreement with
the choice I made.
When I'm complaining
about something,
I realize, well, if I really
truly choose to do something,
then I can't possibly
complain about it.
It can never be a burden.
If I'm all in--
>>HEER: Right.
>>LISA: And the things that
I was complaining about,
I was looking at, oh,
I'm the victim of,
or I didn't choose that,
that was chosen for me.
Well, if you really look at it--
like, say your child
is being a problem.
Well, you chose to be a mother.
>>HEER: You chose to be
a mother, that is true.
And you chose to parent them
in a particular way too.
And so, if we realize
that our choice creates,
this gives us a totally
different perspective.
And like you said, you
complain when you want--
you end up complaining
when you're not
happy with the
outcome, but usually
when you have a projection
and expectation and a judgment
about what that outcome
is supposed to be.
So we're back to
that old thing again.
But if we would get away
from, undo our projections,
expectations, and judgments,
of everyone and everything,
including our
choices and including
how it's going to
turn out, then we
have nothing to complain about.
And that thing about
receiving it even greater--
because we don't say, universe
it has to show up this way,
or I'm not receiving
it, you say,
I would like this or greater.
Universe, get to work.
>>LISA: Well, what if
you ask for something,
and the universe doesn't
give it to you the way
that you wanted it?
It's like a shorter--
universe, or I would like to
show this to show up this way.
We really get-- well,
we're taught this.
We're taught to pray
for what we want,
and to have an image
and visualize, and--
>>HEER: Well, let's
look at let's look
at that for just a moment.
OK.
So we have prayer, which is
to try to put it out there,
specifically, to a higher power.
OK, that's got its
own interesting point
of view attached to it.
But if you look at
visualization as an example--
because a lot of people who
do any sort of spiritual, even
psychological, anything can
relate to visualization.
But here's the thing.
You cannot see the future.
You can only perceive
it energetically.
The future is not solid
enough to be seen.
The present is; we're
here right now having it.
The past is.
We can feel it, and
we can get the visuals
and the images of that.
But when we try to visualize
to create a future,
we are severely limiting
the future that can show up.
And then, if it doesn't match
our vision, what ends up
happening is we don't allow
ourselves to receive it,
even if it's right
here in front of us,
but it's dressed in
green instead of blue.
>>LISA: True, true.
Well, then, what do you then
perceive, the feeling of it?
>>HEER: Oh, sort of.
It's the sense of it, and
it goes beyond feeling.
Because feeling narrows
it into a band, which--
and if you need to go with
the feeling of it for now,
go for that.
But your sense includes your
perceiving, your knowing,
your ability to receive.
And notice, even when I say
it, you notice you get lighter,
>>LISA: It's opener,
yeah, it's more open.
>>HEER: And that's where we want
to be in creating everything,
really.
But let's talk about
it in the creation
of our future right now.
Can we do something
for everybody?
>>LISA: Please.
>>HEER: OK, awesome, cool.
I get excited.
OK.
So rather than try
to see the future--
so everybody--
you don't have to.
But everybody out there
who's watching me,
may want to close your eyes.
And then what I to ask you
to do is just get the sense--
and we're going to do
this somewhat quickly.
You can do it more
in depth later.
OK.
But I'd like you to get
the sense of waking up
in the mornings, most
mornings of your life,
with this sense of
gratitude for being alive,
a sense of gratitude
for you, as a being,
and a sense of connection
with all other beings
of consciousness, and a
sense of not having any fight
against those that
don't choose it
nor any need to
ever change them.
Now, get the sense
of actually having
this space of being
contributed to
by everything around you
that's willing to contribute.
Call it the universe, call
it god, call it spirit,
call it whatever you want to.
OK, now let's look at the
money thing, the thing
that people try to
change most of all,
and they try to prove they're
not trying to change it.
So now, here's the way
I'd like you to do.
What amount of-- get the
sense of having whatever money
it requires.
Don't even try to
label the amount.
But get the sense of the energy
of having the money that would
make your life total ease.
Where you could pay all your
bills with no problem, where
you-- and don't get the how.
This is not a place for how.
How kills it.
OK-- and where money has
a sense of ease for you.
Where it's, like, you can
travel if you want to.
Yeah, you can change houses
and upgrade if you want to,
or you can fix up the
one that you're in.
You drive a nice
car that you like.
Just get the sense of that
ease being in your world.
OK?
Now, with your
relationships, get a sense
of actually having people
in your life that contribute
to you, that care for you, that
actually have your back, that
are there for you when you
need it, and that actually
see you as even greater than
you're willing to see yourself,
and they're willing to tell you.
OK.
Now, also get the sense
of the relationships
you have right now that
you want to change.
Just get the sense of
them changing, like,
being able to either--
if it's not changeable
into something greater,
the relationship moves
on to something else,
and you move on
to something else?
Or they and you change
to where you actually
have a sense of connection
with each other.
So I'm going to ask you
to get the sense of all
of those things.
Now, this is your future.
But don't look for when
it's going to occur
or that it all occurs at the
same time or how it occurs.
And just acknowledge, hey,
universe, consciousness,
I'm asking for this.
And I will do and
be anything-- and I
will do and be and
change anything
I need to do and be and
change to have this occur.
Meaning, I will allow
myself to have anything.
I will allow myself to
lose anyone or anything.
gain anyone or anything.
I'm asking now-- and
this acknowledgment
is to you that you're asking
and then the acknowledgment
to the universe that
you're asking too.
But we are part of the universe.
We always forget that part.
We're like, oh, I've
been asking the universe.
Well, you are part
of the universe.
So this, now here's--
I know, probably,
for a lot of people,
it was a little
spacious, and they're
like no, I need to define it.
I know you specifically
need not to define it.
Now, here's the other gift that
doing it this way gives you.
And you can refine it more in
a specific area if you want to.
In fact, I have that
exercise in the "Being You,
changing the World Book."
So you can refine it more
specifically if you want to.
But here's the one of the
biggest gifts of this.
Most of us have wanted to
create a different future,
but we don't know what
to choose in the day
to day of our
lives to get there.
So what you want to do is
acknowledge that energy
and recognize you want
to choose anything
that feels like that energy.
So if a new outfit feels
like that energy, buy it.
If, I don't know,
coming to a Gaiam TV
to do an interview feels
like that energy, do it.
If starting a new relationship
feels like that energy, do it.
If you have a choice between
two jobs or two people
to date, and one feels
more like that energy,
that's the one you
want to go with.
And if none of them
feel like that energy,
don't do any of them.
Because this is an energy that
will guide you to your future.
And what's so
interesting to me is--
for me, this is so practical.
A lot of people, when we
start to talk about energy,
are, like, energy and--
No, we are energetic beings.
Everything about us is energetic
and living on this planet.
So this is actually
a very practical way
to create a totally different
future that eliminates
the how that sticks most of us.
Because we don't know the how.
Guess what?
The universe will show you how.
You just have to let it.
>>LISA: We don't know how.
And it's true.
If you really experience that,
in the body, in this time,
in this place, rather than in
that place of super expanded
spaciousness.
That's great, but it also has
to happen in your day to day.
>>HEER: Yes, exactly.
>>LISA: The day to day.
Yeah.
That was beautiful and
empowering in a graceful way.
Yes.
I love what you
said about being--
we are the universe,
rather than looking
outside for the
universe to help us.
We are the universe,
which is allowing
us to fit in, to be us.
And I was talking earlier
about being the gentleman
and being the
gentleman that you are.
And this level of
inclusion is what
you were about in
terms of men and women.
Can you talk-- we've
experienced this MeToo Movement,
we have experienced our
voices being heard and still
being heard.
There's a lot more to go,
and a lot more to be heard.
But also, we need
to also #NowWhat?
Now what?
What are we doing
with the conversation?
Who are we now?
How do we relate to each other?
What is consent?
What's the conversation now?
>>HEER: Well, there are so many
aspects to it, as you know,
as I know.
And one of the things I want to
point out, with consciousness--
you know we talked
about unconsciousness
and anti-consciousness or
what create the difficulties.
Well, this area has
been experiencing
more consciousness.
Meaning, its coming
out of the dark.
It's no longer being hidden.
But we need to take
another crucial step,
just like you said, #NowWhat?
Because a lot of
people have used
this to further
their point of view
that men are wrong, for example.
They already had
that point of view.
And now, they're
just, see, I knew it.
Look what all these
men are doing.
>>LISA: And some men are
doing horrible things.
>>HEER: Oh, absolutely.
And so are a lot of women.
And now, when I say that,
that's not a defense of men.
Let's really make
this one clear, OK?
Because if I say that as
a man, after we've just
mentioned the words
MeToo, then I'm
now an evil male
who doesn't get it.
No, what I'm trying
to do-- let me
let me tell you my point of
view, as a man, and all the men
that I know personally.
We are as outraged by what
created the MeToo Movement
as the women are and, in
some ways, even more so
because this is being
done in our name as men
as though this is how men are.
No, no, this is not how we are.
It's like, that is
not my kind of man.
I am not that kind of man.
And so we need to have a
different conversation that
actually acknowledges how men
that desire to be different
can be and how they can
actually contribute to women
and how they don't have
to be a SNAG or a doormat
to make that happen.
When I say SNAG, I mean
Sensitive New Age Guy.
You know, those guys who are way
more sensitive than the women
that they're with, who are--
and they tend to be-- so we
don't have to be the doormat.
We don't have to be the SNAG.
We don't have to try
to be the alpha male.
What we need to realize is,
we have a level of kindness.
We have a level of caring.
But we have a level of
potency that that is.
And if you happen to be a
straight man, for example,
whenever you were a kid and
showed too much kindness or too
much softness or too
much sensitivity,
friends who weren't
really friends,
but other guys, other kids even
at a young age would be, like,
you're gay.
And it's, like, no,
I'm actually not.
So we've never actually had a
conversation that acknowledges
that men have sensitivity also.
Men have caring also.
Men have kindness also.
And they have strength.
And there's a strength in
that sensitivity, that caring,
and that kindness.
And they have a
desire to contribute
to women and the willingness
to if we would be allowed to.
>>LISA: It's so interesting
because what you just
described, you just described
a woman, today's woman.
You described kind and loving
and caring and compassionate
and sensitive and potent
and strong and able
to be ourselves and
able to be equal.
>>HEER: Isn't that interesting?
What I really just
described was a being.
>>LISA: Yeah, you did.
>>HEER: I described a person.
And this artificial idea that--
>>LISA: Of men and women.
>>HEER: --men are this,
and women are this.
No, we are beings
on this planet.
Some of us have indoor plumbing.
Some of us have
outdoor plumbing.
We have different body types.
OK, cool.
But we have to realize
that it's exactly that.
We are all people here.
>>LISA: Yes.
And if we can show that kindness
and loving and compassion
for each other and
strength and support
each other's
greatness, then that
becomes an equal partnership
that isn't shadowed by,
oh, he touched me, or I
touched him, or she touched me.
And it gets so confusing
when the physical happens.
So explain that.
>>HEER: Well, one
of the things--
one of the difficulties
in the MeToo Movement
is, you had to do this
in order to get this.
In other words, I am the one
standing in front of you.
I'm the one standing
between you and your career.
OK.
That is inappropriate when
anybody does that to anyone.
And I do-- once again,
I do acknowledge
that there are some horrendous
men doing horrendous things.
I really want to
make that clear.
What I'm talking
about is this idea
of us actually getting to
have the conversation that
allows men to be
the gift they are,
women to be the gift they are.
So when we talk
about this touching,
intimacy, where it gets to
that place, what we need to do
is acknowledge our awareness.
Why do I say that?
Because it's just like
the lady that got married,
and knew before she got
married, the guy was a jerk.
Well, if you were going
to go out with somebody,
you need to know and
be in your knowing,
if it feels heavy
for you, don't do it,
no matter how much
they want you to.
We need to start looking
out for ourselves
and having our own
backs in the situation.
>>LISA: Yes, yes.
>>HEER: OK, So that's
first, and that is vital.
Because if we don't get that,
none of the rest of it matters.
Because we will put
ourselves in situations.
We will end up feeling like
the victim of that situation.
And then we will go on
believing we are victims.
But who victimized us?
Well, in a sense, we did by
not following our knowing.
But at the same time,
let's look at-- this
is a huge conversation.
>>LISA: It is.
Let's back up for sec.
So in that place of the
victimization-- so the person,
the perpetrator could be very
persuasive or manipulative,
and I know people that have
been in that situation.
So where would she be not
be the victim in that?
Where would she take the
responsibility, I'm curious?
>>HEER: Well, let me give you
a totally different scenario
of the same situation.
Imagine, just for
a moment, that she
functioned from total awareness,
that she was in total question.
Could anybody manipulate her?
>>LISA: Right.
I'm thinking of a friend.
She's in college.
And this boy really
got a hold of her.
And now it became--
stalked her, and she
had to get a restraining
order, and the parents, and
all the police involved.
It became-- and
she said I can feel
where I made certain mistakes
or was too vulnerable
or didn't see this coming.
Now, what I would
love to say to her is,
don't judge yourself for that,
which is what you would say,
right?
>>HEER: Well, that
would be part of it.
And the thing is, it's like you
have this whole bag of Access
tools that are beyond
the ability to describe
in the time we have together.
Because I've dealt with
this with many women
and also many men.
This is why, when
I talk about this,
I'm, like, we've got
to include both of us.
Because looking at men as
though they're the problem
or that all men are wrong,
no, these type of people
are the problem.
>>LISA: Yes, sick individuals.
>>HEER: Yes, It's
not men or women
that are the problem
it's these type of people
that are the problem.
But having said that,
it's, like, so when you--
I would definitely talk to
her about judging herself.
But what I would also do is go
further and undo the judgments
that she has of her.
Because it's one
thing to tell somebody
not to judge themselves.
So it's one of the
things that I would
do using the Access tools.
And so we would go in,
and I would find out
what her judgments were.
And in fact, the
hidden judgments
are the ones that
kill us the most.
Ones we don't even
realize, because they
don't go through our head.
They're energetic.
And I would help her
release those first.
And then I would
have a conversation.
I'd go, OK, so tell me
what's really going on here.
And I would have
her walk me back.
And I would go, OK,
and I would ever
walk me back to where
she was going along,
and this person
entered her life.
And I'd go, what was
your awareness on that?
Not because you're wrong
for not following it,
but because, if you acknowledge
you had awareness and didn't
follow it, and it
doesn't turn out well,
you will make sure to
follow it next time
and in every other situation.
Because what I'm
also looking at is--
because we tend to look
back, and we tend to get
stuck in the trauma.
What I'm looking
at is, how do we
create a different
future for this person?
How do we create a
future where that's
no longer occurring for them,
no longer reality for them?
I'm also looking to get
them out of the trauma.
And we have this thing called
Access Consciousness bars
that we found can literally undo
post-traumatic stress disorder.
And I mean literally,
as in gone.
>>LISA: It's an
energetic process,
which is just phenomenal.
Can I ask you about that place
where we do abandon ourselves
or we do abandon our intuition.
And it does scream at us and
tells us, but we override it.
Where does that
over-- that moment.
So this is why we repeat
things, and we do the same thing
over and over again, and we
don't learn from our mistakes
because we abandon
that moment where
our intuition, or our
guidance, our inner self says,
don't do that, or this
is going to get you in
Trouble.
Or there's not going to be
a pleasant consequence here.
We just ignore it.
Sometimes we need to learn.
But what is it?
How can we--
>>HEER: Why the
heck do we do that?
>>LISA: I know.
I know.
So how can we grab a hold of
that moment of our intuition
And listen?
>>HEER: Strangely, probably
the easiest way to do it,
or if somebody is
willing to do it is they
can, either do present time, or
they can go back to the past.
Because we have total
recall of the past,
if we're willing to have
it, if we ask for it,
we have a total recall.
So if we could go
back to that moment
where we knew, that moment
where we knew and didn't follow
that knowing and undo all of the
points of view we have that led
to us not following or
knowing, what happens now
is that any energy
that's similar that
comes into our
world, we're, like,
oh, no, I've seen you before.
Uh-uh, I'm not going
to do that again.
But we also have to realize
that, since we were kids,
we were taught to cut
off our awareness.
Because when you
were a little kid,
and you were aware of something
that your mom didn't want
you to be aware of,
how wrong did she
make you so you weren't aware
of what was going on for her?
And how you know mom
and dad and teachers--
and so we're taught
that we can't know.
>>LISA: That's how it appears.
>>HEER: Well, this
is one of the biggest
destructions of our
awareness is we're
taught from a very young
age that you can't know,
and you have to learn it.
And then you regurgitate
the learning,
which proves you're smart.
And there's also peer pressure.
When you're saying, oh,
well, I can't be different.
I can't do this because I
need to desperately fit in
so that I don't stand out so
nobody would recognize me,
because that's death.
And there's all these
things that happen.
>>LISA: Yes, exactly.
So we just desperately
try to fit in,
and we abandon ourselves
again, from a very early age
to fit in.
>>HEER: Which is why
I say one more time,
what I see it with the kids
who come to Access classes,
their parents don't
do that to them.
The kid wants something
or wants to do something
or wants clarity on something,
and the parent goes,
what do you know?
Now, they'll help them
come to their awareness,
but they go, what do you know?
And the kid goes, oh, yeah,
it's not going to work out.
OK, I don't want to
go play with them.
I mean, literally,
it's that fast, though.
But we think it's got to be
this big significance because we
have we have gone against
our knowing for so many years
that it's so hardwired in us.
And if we would let
go of the hardwiring,
things would start to get
spacious a lot more quickly.
But we can also look
and go, well, I'm
grateful I got the
awareness today.
I'm glad I watched that show
because I got the awareness.
OK, now what can I do?
And one of the things
you want to ask yourself
is, what is it I
know that I haven't
acknowledged about any
situation you have going on?
Any one that's not so good
you want to change it,
any one that you
want to make better,
what is it I know that I
haven't acknowledged that
would change this?
And we have this terrible
question in Access,
how does it get any
better than this?
Which is something you want to
ask when something good happens
or when something bad happens.
That, again, is a
question, but it
keeps things getting better
and better and better.
Now, if you just had a situation
like the girl in college
you experience saying, how does
it get any better than this?
No, no.
We need to bring
out the big guns.
How does it get
any better and this
is great for the stuff
of life that occurs.
That's not necessarily
going to work
very well on this major trauma
that she's experiencing.
But the thing I also
want people to know
is, there are tools
for changing this.
We have research for 30
years, the stuff that
goes on in this reality,
the dramas people
experience, the traumas, the
sadnesses, the sufferings,
and found tools to change
a huge amount of it.
So this is why, for
me, it's, like, I love
what I get to do in the world.
Because I suffer.
I don't know.
I experienced tremendous
abuse when I was a kid.
I experienced dynamic
physical abuse,
having my naked body
beaten with belts.
I experienced emotional abuse.
I experienced molestation.
And what's interesting-- and
we have had this conversation
about the MeToo Movement--
the people that were
beating me were women.
It was a circle of women
standing over me, beating me
with belts, hitting me in
the penis as many times
as they could because
they wanted to let
me know how terrible men were.
>>LISA: Wow.
>>HEER: Now, what's
interesting about that
is, I didn't come out
of it hating women.
I didn't come out of
it hating anybody.
I always knew it could
be different than that.
>>LISA: Huh, really, you knew.
>>HEER: Yeah, and it's part
of what drives me forward
to this day with, I know
it can be different,
and I know this stuff
goes on in the world.
And people will hear me
talk, and they go, well,
he doesn't understand us.
I'm, like, no, I
really, really do.
And I heard it from the
time I was a little kid.
I really, really do.
And it doesn't have to be
where we get in victim mode
and try to fight against things.
We don't have to
fight against it.
We have to get in touch
with us to such a degree
that we will, number
one, never let
it happen to us
again, number two,
not perpetrate the
cycle on anybody else,
and number three realize that,
if you've experienced something
like that, and you're still
putting one foot in front
of the other, and you are
continuing to move and look
for change and
possibilities, you
have far more courage
and far more strength
than you ever imagined possible.
>>LISA: That's an
amazing example.
And thank you for sharing that.
Because it's truly, you were not
at the responsibility or choice
of that whatsoever.
That was something done to you.
Yet, you do choose to have
this amazing life now.
And to have, not just an
amazing life because you
travel all over the world.
You have freedom in your body.
You have freedom in your soul.
And you represent that for
other people by being you.
>>HEER: Thank you.
>>LISA: And knowing more of
what you've been through--
and it brings me to tears to
know you went through that.
And I'm sorry.
But to be who you are, it's
so beautiful to be who you are
and to represent who
you are to other people
and not have to even
fall into that victim
or having to dumb yourself down
or be someone who you're not.
Thank you.
>>HEER: Thank you.
>>LISA: It's mutual.
>>HEER: So much.
>>HEER: I have to say, I--
am now at the place, and
have been for many years
at the place, where that isn't
something that affects me.
And not only does it not
affect me, but, as you say,
I'm really blessed to
have the life that I have.
>>LISA: Look what you do, yeah.
>>HEER: But I also
want to say, there
were a there was a lot of
effect that I had from that
a huge amount of my life, which
is also why I'm so driven.
I'm, like, guys,
we can change this.
You don't have to live this way.
We don't have to live in
that, all of that stuff.
I know it personally very well.
We don't have to live that way.
And I got to a
place 19 years ago
where I was literally
going to end my life.
You know that part.
And this was part of the thing
that was underneath the surface
that I could never get to.
And so we started
exploring this area
in Access Consciousness 19
years ago when I first met Gary.
And it came up about
what had happened.
And we have been
having these tools
that we use to
give people freedom
from this area of
abuse for years
and to see their worlds
changed to where they actually
get the freedom.
They actually get the beauty
of them as a being, as a soul,
as a bright light in the world.
It's truly the greatest gift
I have ever experienced.
>>LISA: My challenge, as
someone interviewing you
is to put into words the tools
that you have because they're
vast, and they're experiential.
So what I want you to
do is I want you to--
I'm going to throw
at you some myths.
OK.
And I want you to use
the tools of Access
and your knowledge to
myth-bust these memes.
These are not Dain memes.
These are other memes.
Like, our world is
so chaotic right now.
I say that a lot.
OK, what do you think of that?
>>HEER: Now, here's the thing.
What's very strange about
it is, chaos is actually
where the freedom is.
Chaos is actually when
you're not judging.
Chaos is when you're not
trying to make things linear.
So what I see is,
our world is going
through a massive
reorganization,
so it can become the
chaos of possibilities
that's actually available.
Now, if you look at--
you can look at many
political situations
in the world, for
example, and think
the world is going to
hell in a handbasket,
and it's all falling apart
because it's chaotic.
No, it's actually
breaking up the order
that has been here for so
long, the political order,
the financial order,
all kinds of orders.
Now, I'm not a
conspiracy theorist,
by the way, when I talk
about these orders.
I think they mean it a
little differently than I do.
>>LISA: Yeah, but it's true.
It's every system is breaking
down and breaking through.
Banking and real estate
and financial and education
and political, everything
is breaking through.
Yeah.
You have to break
down first, though.
>>HEER: Yeah.
And the interesting
part about this
is we tend to look at that
as though it's a bad thing.
But if we get that there's an
underlying inherent chaos, that
actually is consciousness,
that is actually
doing that to create the
choice, at least, if we choose.
It's our choice,
collectively, on the planet.
If we choose to create
greater possibilities,
then that choice
is available to us.
But remember, your point
of view creates a reality.
Reality doesn't create
your point of view.
So if we have the point of
view that it's destructive,
that's what shows
up in our life.
If we have a point of view
that it's going to go bad,
that's what shows up.
So this is where I also
say, ask questions.
What else is possible here?
What's right about
this I'm not getting?
What is it going to
take to change this?
How can I use this
to my advantage?
What can I be to
create a greater world?
What can I do here to
have an effect that's
the world I would like to see?
Just a few questions.
>>LISA: And I have those on a
card and keep it with myself.
>>HEER: Yes, please, absolutely.
>>LISA: Those are
awesome questions.
OK, here's another one.
When I get older, I
become irrelevant.
>>HEER: Oh, goodness.
Let me tell you about
my friend Gary who is--
how old am I?
I'm 29.
So he's, what?
What, did you hear people?
OK, Let's see, I'm 40,
something like that,
he's 78, 77, 78,
somewhere in that range.
Age is kind of irrelevant to me.
I'm sorry.
Here's a man who
is still working
28 days out of the month.
He works 10 to 12 hours a day.
He travels dynamically,
several weeks out of the month.
And he is part of
creating a movement.
And I'd say the head--
I mean, we're partners,
but it takes a village,
but he's the guy.
We always go to him for help.
We always go to him for
contribution, assistance,
whatever.
Highly not relevant-- why?
Because his point of view
is not when I get older,
I get irrelevant.
This is one where it is
really really, really true.
Your point of view
creates your reality.
And I know a lot
of older people who
are such a contribution to
other people in their lives,
whatever sphere of influence,
their family, businesses,
church groups, get-together
groups, all this sort of stuff.
This is one where we need
to change the point of view.
>>LISA: Yes.
All right, here's another one.
Change is difficult.
Change is hard.
>>HEER: Yes.
No.
We only hold that in place
so we don't make change
as fast as we know it
could be because we're not
willing to be out of
control enough and our lives
be easy enough.
Because then we would
be so different,
people would think we had
grown three heads and a tail,
and they wouldn't want
to talk to us anymore.
So we don't let change occur
as easily and as quickly
as it could, because we don't
want to be that different,
and we don't want to
have things be that easy.
>>LISA: Or out of control.
>>HEER: Or out of control.
And that's the
other thing that we
do is, we keep our
universe the size
that we, alone, can
control so that it
doesn't get so big that all the
universe can contribute to us.
>>LISA: But it's safe in there.
It's safer--
>>HEER: Oh, yeah, it's safe
in a prison cell with nobody
else around too.
It's safe in a cave with--
but it's not very much fun.
And if we're going to have the
changes that we're asking for,
we need to recognize that it
truly could come with these.
We have a thing in
Access that we say.
We call it the mantra of Access
because we don't know what else
to call it.
All of life comes to me
with ease and joy and glory.
And if you would say that 10
times in the morning, 10 times
in the evening, you'll
start to see more
you show up in your life.
I don't know how it works.
I don't know why it works.
I just know that it works.
All of life comes to me with
these and joy and glory,
including change.
>>LISA: Yeah.
That works.
That's a great way to
start to loosen up the cog.
All right.
So what about, it's true that we
should live happily ever after.
>>HEER: Wouldn't
it be wonderful?
That is a myth of magnat--
busted.
I say busted.
OK.
And look, obviously, that
comes from fairy tales, right?
And wouldn't it be wonderful
if that were the case,
we lived happily ever after?
But what that, as so many
things in the world we live in
tell us is, you want
to get somewhere,
and then you don't
have to choose again.
I want to get to the place
where I have $1 billion,
so I don't have to ever choose
again, and I'll just be happy.
>>LISA: It's the
American dream--
job, retire, yeah.
>>HEER: Yeah,
except for everybody
I know that has ever gotten
where they wanted to get,
within about three
months, they're bored.
And so we need to
recognize happily
ever after is not only a
myth, it's a destructive myth
if we're seeking that.
And when I say that, though,
I mean, from the point of view
of, I'm going to
get this, and it's
going to make me
happy ever after.
>>LISA: Like money.
>>HEER: Yeah, exactly.
I'm going to get
this amount of money.
this relationship.
I'm going to have the
perfect child, whatever.
See, for me, I am living
happily continuously,
but it's a choice
every 10 seconds.
>>LISA: And things don't always
go right for you, obviously.
>>HEER: No.
No.
And that's the thing
about all of life
comes to me with ease
and joy and glory.
It's not only good
things happen to me.
Only good things happen
to me, and that way, I
can have ease and joy.
And glory is exuberant
expression in abundance,
by the way.
So it's not because
only good things happen.
It's like, hey, when
the crap happens too,
it shows up with ease.
Like our house got flooded
in Hurricane Harvey.
We live in Houston,
live on the bayou.
2 and 1/2 feet of water
in my room and in then
the entire first
floor of the house.
We had to pull out 3,500
square feet of flooring.
We had to replace cabinets.
We had to cut
drywall up to 4 feet.
We had to replace the
whole thing downstairs.
But it occurred with
this amazing ease.
Why?
Because we say,
everyday, Gary and I say,
everyday, all of life comes to
me with ease and joy and glory.
And that's what we expect
our life to show up as.
Without having it
as an "expectation,"
that's really what we
know life should be.
And so it does.
So three months later, we
had a newly remodeled house.
And when I say newly
remodeled, we just got--
nicer stuff on the
floor and around.
And we were in.
I know some people
who still have not
gotten back into their houses.
My heart goes out
to them, but I wish
they would have this
concept of, all of life
comes to me with ease
and joy and glory.
Because once again, your point
of view creates your reality.
Reality does not create
your point of view.
It's your point of
view that may show up.
What shows up?
We need to change
our points of view.
>>LISA: Well, it's easy to say.
And I understand doing it.
And when you say
it to someone who
is so locked into
a reality, there
is a ton of judgment
that gets thrown.
Yeah.
>>HEER: Which is why I don't--
and see, for me, if
I've got somebody who's
locked in to a reality,
and they're not designed
to change it, I don't say it.
>>LISA: And you don't
try to change it.
>>HEER: No, I don't
Because we have to also
realize that, if we are going
to be the people
that we actually are,
we're going to be the
contribution to this world
of caring, kindness,
acknowledgment of choice,
potency, we have to
honor people's choices,
even when it's not what we
think they should be choosing,
even when it's not the
possibility for what
they could choose.
We have to honor and
acknowledge their choice.
It's their choice.
The most caring thing
we can do for somebody
is to honor and
acknowledge their choice.
>>LISA: Yes, yes, yes.
>>HEER: And that doesn't mean,
if your kids are doing drugs
or whatever, you honor and
acknowledge that choice.
No, you still be a parent.
I'm talking about in most of
the other situations of life.
>>LISA: Yeah.
What about, OK, one
final myth, that we
have to work hard in
order to make money.
>>HEER: Yes.
No, what we have
to do is get over
our unwillingness to receive.
OK.
Because what happens
is, we're growing up,
we receive all
kinds of energies we
don't like-- judgment, abuse,
all these things we talk about,
right?
And what we do is we put up
walls to try to keep that out.
But when you build a
wall, a wall is stupid.
It's dumb.
It's not smart.
It's just a wall, OK?
It doesn't know to let in
money and let enjoy and let
in people who love you and
keep out judgment and keep out
all that.
So it keeps everything out.
So most of us-- and Gary told
me, when I first met him,
he said there's no such
thing as a money problem.
There's only a problem in what
you're willing to receive.
And I went, oh, my god, so true.
So for us, if we can
get over our judgments,
because every judgment
limits what you can receive,
and if we can get over
our points of view,
because every point
of view limits
what you can receive,
and allow everything
to come in, including money,
and then start asking for money,
and it shows up.
I'm simplifying, granted.
But most of this,
I'm simplifying
to the best of my ability.
Like you said, there's more work
to be done, more tools to use.
But this is the
concept behind it
and the possibility behind it.
>>LISA: It does I'll
start with one thing.
It all starts with your allowing
us to receive in everything
that you're talking about here.
Well, if you'd like
something in steps,
you can take a look at
this video here where.
We're talking about five steps
of creating what you want.
Check that out.
>>HEER: One of the things
that has come up recently,
really dynamically, is
the idea of creation.
What the hell is it?
And I've been speaking
about this a lot
in classes lately because
I realize so many of us
have been given some weird,
skewed point of view of what
creation is that makes us
think it's a mental construct
and that we have to judge
each step along the way
and course-correct
based on our judgments
and whether we're
meeting our goals.
And I'm sorry.
That doesn't work for humanoids.
So what is creation, really?
Well, the first
part of it is, you
need to be willing to ask
for what it is you desire.
OK, and this is huge.
Let me give an example
of a lady that I
was working with in a class.
And we were talking,
and she wanted
to change her money situation.
It's, like, I'm doing this
tool, and I'm doing this tool,
and I'm doing this
tool, and I really
need to double my income.
And I said, have you ever asked?
And she went, what do you mean?
I said, have you ever asked
for that amount of money?
She went, no.
I'm like, OK, so
you've been doing tool
after tool after tool, but
you never said, hey, universe,
can I have this?
She went, no.
I'm, like, do that.
Because she was doing all the
stuff, but she had never asked.
And I realize this is one of
the biggest missing elements
in creation.
So right now, think of
one area of your life
that you would really
like to have change.
You get the sense and the energy
and the space that it would be.
You get the sense of the way
it would be for that to change
or for that thing you're
asking for it to show up.
And now ask.
Just go, I'm asking for that.
I'm asking to have
that in my life.
that as my life.
I'm asking to have
that in my reality.
that as my reality.
OK?
And then the next
thing you do is,
universe, hook a brother up.
Hook a sister up.
Dear consciousness, please help.
And then you also
have to acknowledge,
I'm willing to change
whatever it takes in order
to have this show up.
So this is where you start to
be willing to allow any change
to occur, which is
part of this asking
and then being
willing to receive.
I want you to have this
because this is so basic and so
fundamental to creation
from consciousness
that, without it,
you're basically
missing 99% of what
you could choose
and what you could create.
As you do this, and you ask
for this, then what happens
is, the stuff that is in
the way, the points of view
that you have that
are in the way,
that people that are in the
way of you having this thing
that you've been asking for,
start to present themselves
right in front of your face.
That's when you want to use
all the other tools that you've
been gifted in the
tour of consciousness.
And change the stickiness
that that creates.
And then they, and those points
of view, and those people
will no longer be a roadblock.
And then you will start to
receive what you're asking for.
>>LISA: Awesome about receiving.
That's exactly what
we were talking about.
When people come into
the world of Access,
what is the biggest thing that
they are desiring or wanting,
in your opinion, or the thing
that they don't have the most?
>>HEER: The thing they
seem to be desiring
the most is themselves.
And that shows up in
all kinds of ways.
They want to change money.
They want to change
relationships.
It's funny because they come
for that kind of change.
I want to change this
thing, a lot of them.
But they stay for the
being that they're getting.
And so all the
things that we all
want to change in this
world, they want to change.
They also want to be more of
a contribution to the world.
I'd say, by and
large, the thing they
desire the most is to just
be able to be happy and not
be in judgment of themselves.
>>LISA: Yeah, happiness
that you can really
get from that freedom in
your body of not feeling
burdened by your judgments.
>>HEER: Yes, or anybody else's.
>>LISA: Perceptions, and
those blocks that you have.
I ask my guests this
because I really
want to know, what
is the biggest
reason why you do what you do?
What's your biggest why?
>>HEER: How long do you have?
>>LISA: We have five minutes.
>>HEER: OK, five minutes,
that should be long enough.
For me, it's the
awareness that there
is something different possible
for each person on this planet
if they choose it.
And I have walked this
journey from being abused
when I was younger, being in
massive amounts of judgment
of myself, getting to the
place I was is literally
going to kill myself if
things didn't change,
coming to Access Consciousness,
having it start to change,
and then being part of creating
the tools that would allow
it to change faster
and greater for people
and still do continuously.
It's like I've
walked this journey.
And I know, no matter where
anybody is on the journey,
that there is so
much more possible.
And we don't, as a people,
have to suffer anymore.
And we don't have to
believe that we can't change
what is going on in our
lives and, by extension,
truly the face of the planet
and what's going on with it.
I see a lot of people
who have given up hope.
My job, my desire more
than anything else,
is to give them the hope,
but not only the hope,
but the tools to actually
make what they hope
is possible a reality.
>>LISA: To not
give them the hope,
but to give them the
tools to realize that they
have that inside of themselves.
They have that
inside of themselves.
>>HEER: Yeah, if I can inspire
them to know what's possible--
know if they really get--
this was my life before Access.
This is my life, as
I use these tools.
This is the lives of hundreds
of thousands of people
out there using these tools.
My hope is that it inspires them
to know that, whatever they're
looking for is possible.
Yeah, does it take work?
Yes.
This is not just, oh, come to
a class, drop in, drop out,
you're clean.
Bye-bye.
>>LISA: Yeah, it does take work.
>>HEER: Yeah, it takes work.
But anything we do that's
worth doing takes work.
>>LISA: And most of your
classes are virtual,
and people can watch
them on a livestream
or go anywhere in the country
to participate in a class.
And there's
different levels of--
>>HEER: Or in anywhere in
all kinds of countries.
If you want to
travel, nice vacation,
>>LISA: A world, anywhere
in the world, yes.
Yes, to learn, and you make
it accessible, which is great.
>>HEER: Thank you.
>>LISA GARR: That's
the word Access.
Thank you so much, Daine, for
showing us and for being here,
being who you are, allowing
other people to have permission
to be who they are.
Thank you.
>>HEER: Thank you so much, Lisa.
>>LISA: Absolutely.
And thank you for sharing
this hour with me.
If you'd like to watch more
inspirational programming,
you can check out
"Inspirations" on Gaia.
I'm Lisa Garr.
And until next time, I
invite you to stay aware.
[THEME MUSIC]